Welcome to release 20061230 of osh!

Osh(1) is an enhanced, backward-compatible port of the Thompson
shell from Sixth Edition Unix (circa 1975).  The original Thompson
shell was principally written by Ken Thompson of Bell Labs.

In addition, this package also includes:

	fd2(1) - a utility to redirect file descriptor 2

	goto(1) - transfer command (ported from Sixth Edition Unix)

	if(1) - conditional command (ported from Sixth Edition Unix)

	sh6(1) - a port of the Thompson shell from Sixth Edition Unix

	glob6(1) - global command (ported from Sixth Edition Unix)

The NOTES file gives additional information about this software,
including some historical and compatibility notes.  However, see
the manual pages for full details.

--------
INSTALL:
Select the instructions under 1), 2), or 3) depending on what parts
of osh you wish to install.

1) The following steps will build/install everything:

	a) Adjust the CONFIGURATION section in the Makefile to match
	   your desires and/or the requirements of your system.

	b) Type `make' to compile the binaries.

	c) Type `make install' to install the binaries
	   and manual pages.

2) The following steps will only build/install osh and its supporting
   utilities (if, goto, and fd2):

	a) Adjust the CONFIGURATION section in the Makefile to match
	   your desires and/or the requirements of your system.

	b) Type `make oshall' to compile the binaries.

	c) Type `make install-oshall' to install the binaries
	   and manual pages.

3) The following steps will only build/install sh6 and its supporting
   utilities (glob6, if, goto, and fd2):

	a) Adjust the CONFIGURATION section in the Makefile to match
	   your desires and/or the requirements of your system.

	b) Type `make sh6all' to compile the binaries.

	c) Type `make install-sh6all' to install the binaries
	   and manual pages.

--------
This software should build and work correctly on any POSIX-compliant
Unix system.  In particular, it is currently developed, maintained,
and tested by the developer on NetBSD, OpenBSD, and Mac OS X.  In
the past, it has also been successfully tested on FreeBSD and on
various distributions of GNU/Linux.

If you think you may have found a bug, before reporting it, please
try to reproduce it with the latest version of the code.  With bug
reports, please try to ensure that enough information to reproduce
the problem is enclosed.  Also, if a known fix for it exists then
please include that as well.  All bug reports should be sent to the
following email address:
	jneitzel (at) sdf1 (dot) org

If you have any questions about this software, I encourage you to
contact me via email.  Enjoy!

Jeffrey Allen Neitzel
jneitzel (at) sdf1 (dot) org
http://jneitzel.sdf1.org/osh/
